= WKHTMLTOPDF-BINARY
	
wkhtmltopdf-binary is a gem for installing the wkhtmltopdf command line tool for converting html documents to pdf. This is essentially a collection of static builds from the wkhtmltopdf site: http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf. This gem looks to see which operating system you are using and then uses the static binary file for that OS.

== Getting Started

=== System Requirements

* Ruby v1.8.7 or higher http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/


== Installation

=== Install Using the Gem

    $ gem install wkhtmltopdf-binary

=== Install Static Builds On Your Own (downloaded from the wkhtmltopdf website)

Generally speaking, the wkhtmltopdf-binary gem should work for most people. However, if it doesn't, we would recommend installing the static builds on your own. You can download whichever version you like from the downloads section of the wkhtmltopdf site: http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf/downloads/list Make sure to select "All" from the dropdown if you are looking for older versions. The Windows and Mac OS's have install scripts. For *nix versions, or to install win/mac manually, just download a "static" version and unzip it into a location that can be called in your system PATH.

*Note*: If you choose to install the static builds, make sure to *UNINSTALL* the wkhtmltopdf-binary gem. Otherwise you will probably have conflicts in your PATH.

To UNINSTALL:

    $ gem uninstall wkhtmltopdf-binary

=== Compile From Source and Install

We would not really recommended this. It's not for the faint at heart. You will need to install QT and hack the heck out of ./configure. That said, here's a link for some help.

http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf/wiki/compilation